Remove ComponentAttributeFactory and inject EscaperRuntime directly (#2749)
symfony/ux: src/TwigComponent/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.25.1

> -   [SECURITY] `ComponentAttributes` now requires an `EscaperRuntime` as second argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [SECURITY] `ComponentAttributes` now requires a `Twig\Runtime\EscaperRuntime` as second argument
```

Since `EscaperRuntime` comes from another repository, I think it makes sense to add the FQCN

Author: Nope for the space... or at least "not the one used in this file, exccept for 2.20"

Author: Updated message to add fqcn thx!

# CHANGELOG

## 2.25.1

-   [SECURITY] `ComponentAttributes` now requires a `Twig\Runtime\EscaperRuntime`
    instance as second argument

> -   Remove `HtmlAttributeEscaperInterface`

Reviewer 2: also ComponentAttributesFactory and TwigHtmlAttributeEscaper
